feat(oas): medusa-oas-cli as OAS build tool (#3213)
medusajs/medusa: packages/oas/medusa-oas-cli/README.md

# medusa-oas-cli - 0.1.0 - experimental

> A command-line tool for all OAS related tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A command-line tool for all OpenAPI Specifications (OAS) related tooling.
```

## Install

`yarn add --dev @medusajs/medusa-oas-cli`

Install in the global namespace is not yet supported.
~~`npm install -g @medusajs/medusa-oas-cli`~~

## Configuration / First time setup

N/A

## How to use

> `yarn medusa-oas <command>`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```bash
yarn medusa-oas <command>
```
~~~

### Command - `oas`

> Will scan the `@medusajs/medusa` package in order to extract JSDoc OAS into a json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will scan the `@medusajs/medusa` package in order to extract JSDoc OAS into a json file.
```

> Be default, the command will output two files, `admin.oas.json` and `store.oas.json`, in the same directory that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the command will output the two files `admin.oas.json` and `store.oas.json` in the same directory that
```

> the command was run.

Reviewer: Should be on the same line as the previous sentence.

Author: It is put on a separate line automatically by my IDE since the sentence is longer than 120 characters.

Invalid OAS with throw an error and will prevent the files from being outputted.

#### `--type <string>`

Specify which API OAS to create. Accepts `all`, `admin`, `store`.
Defaults to `all`.

> `yarn medusa-oas --type admin`

Author: ```suggestion
`yarn medusa-oas oas --type admin`
```
`oas` in missing in all code examples

> `yarn medusa-oas --type admin`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
yarn medusa-oas --type admin
```
~~~

#### `--out-dir <path>`

> Specify in which directory should the files be outputted. Accepts relative and absolute path. It the directory doesn't,

Author: ```suggestion
Specify in which directory should the files be outputted. Accepts relative and absolute path. It the directory doesn't exist,
```

> Specify in which directory should the files be outputted. Accepts relative and absolute path. It the directory doesn't,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify in which directory should the files be outputted. It accepts a relative or absolute path. If the directory doesn't exist,
```

it will be created. Defaults to `./`.

> `yarm medusa-oas --out-dir `

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```bash
yarm medusa-oas --out-dir
```
~~~

#### `--paths <paths...>`

> Allows to pass additional directory paths to crawl for JSDoc OAS in order to include in the generated OAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows passing additional directory paths to crawl for JSDoc OAS and include in the generated OAS.
```

> Accepts multiple entries. Has to be the last option or use ` -- ` before the next option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It accepts multiple entries. It has to be the last option. Alternatively, ` -- ` can be used before the next option.
```

> `yarn medusa-oas --paths ~/medusa-server/src`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```bash
yarn medusa-oas --paths ~/medusa-server/src
```
~~~

#### `--dry-run`

Will package the OAS but will not output file. Useful for validating OAS.

> `yarn medusa-oas --dry-run`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```bash
yarn medusa-oas --dry-run
```
~~~

#### `--force`

> Ignore OAS validation and attempt to output generated OAS files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignore OAS errors and attempt to output generated OAS files.
```

> `yarn medusa-oas --force`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```bash
yarn medusa-oas --force
```
~~~
